Added minor documnetation and doing code clean up. (#33)
wachterjohannes/debug-mcp: docs/README.md

}
```

More about attributes and how to configure Prompts, Resources and more can be found at the
[mcp/sdk documentation](https://github.com/modelcontextprotocol/php-sdk).

## Configuration

The configuration folder is called `.mate` and it is located in your project's root file. In the configuration folder
there are two important files `.mate/extensions.php` and `.mate/services.php`. The former lets you enable/disable

> extensions and the latter allows you do configure the settings of AI Mate and its extensions.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
extensions and the later allows you to configure the settings of AI Mate and its extensions.
```

Author: Thank you. 

I actually ment to say "latter". As in "not the first, but the second example".
